There are given 2 projects which I made them while I was learning basics of programming with Python at the platform "https://www.mohirdev.uz".  The projects are written in "uzbek".
1. In the first project, there are given 3 functions: 2 of them ("get_word" and "display" functions) are used while running main function and the third function is main function which is called to play the game.  
 - As a result of get_word function, we can get words without "-" or " "(space). This function randomly takes word from "words" list of "uzwords" file. File has been uploaded here.
 - Second function creates visual interface for players which letter of the word they found. If they find true letter, it will be displayed; else, "-" will be displayed.
 - The main function "suz_top_uyini" calls both of above functions, and if player (do not) finds true letter, it will (not) be displayed in screen; when entered a letter, it will be added in list "user_letters". If player enters the same letter again, game says "Bu harfni oldinam kiritgansiz. Iltimos boshqa harf kiriting:(You have entered this letter before. Please enter another:)". If player wants to stop the game, he should write "STOP" and result is "Afsus siz bu so'zni topa olmadingiz ):" or (Unfortunately you couldn't find word.). At the end of the game, if player finds all of letters true, the game will be stopped and congrats player: "Tabriklayman siz {word} so'zini {len(user_letters)} ta urinish bilan topdingiz!".
2. The second project includes 3 functions. First of them is called "son_top" and randomly generates a number, and a player need to find it. Programm will ask this question: "1 dan to {x} gacha sonlar ichidan o'ylagan sonimni kiriting:" and player need to enter a number. If input is higher than secret number, programm says: "Men o'ylagan son bundan kichikroq. Boshqa son kiriting:"; or lower than, output is: "Men o'ylagan son bundan kattaroq. Boshqa son kiriting:"; and when they are equal, loop will be stopped and output will be same: "Siz to'g'ri topdingiz, men o'ylagan son {son} ga teng edi. Tabriklayman!"  
 - Second function is called: "sonimni_top". Player should think about a number between 1 to 10. Programm will generate a number("taxmin") randomly and asks: "Siz o'ylagan son {taxmin} ga tengmi(t), yoki kattaroq(+), yoki kichikroq(-)?". Player should enter one of ("t", "+", "-"), if the number of programm is greater than player's number, player's respond should be: "+"; or when lower than, it should be: "-"; or when it is equal, player's respond should be: "t" and game will be stopped and congrats itself: "Men to'g'ri topdim!".
 - The third function is called "son_top_uyini". Programm will compare guesses of player and computer to find secret numbers; and finds winner of the game. Any of player or computer will be winner if his guesses is lower than his peer.
